Window clear timeout (#2458)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/window/terms/clearTimeout/clearTimeout.md

---
Title: 'clearTimeout()'
Description: 'Clears a previously scheduled timeout function.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arguments'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Parameters'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> **`clearTimeout()`** is a window method that allows to clear a previously scheduled `setTimeout()` from running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`clearTimeout()`** is a window method that stops a previously scheduled `[setTimeout()](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/window/setTimeout)` from running.
```

Author: I had to remove the backticks otherwise the link would not work correctly

> **`clearTimeout()`** is a window method that stops a previously scheduled [setTimeout()](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/window/setTimeout) from running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`clearTimeout()`** is a window method that stops a previously scheduled [`setTimeout()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/window/setTimeout) from running.
```

## Syntax

> `clearTimeout()` receives a timeoutID as it's argument, which is returned by the corresponding call of `setTimeout()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clearTimeout()` receives a timeout ID as its argument, which is returned by the corresponding call of `setTimeout()`.
```

> `clearTimeout()` receives a timeout ID as its argument, which is returned by the corresponding call of `setTimeout()`.

Reviewer 2: There are probably some entries that have sentences before the syntax, but our format is generally to show the syntax and then include information about the parameters, returns, etc.

Author: @caupolicandiaz I made some changes from what I thought you were suggesting. Let me know if it's better now.
